1.0	Executive Summary
The goal of the Campus Planner Application is to provide UofT students with an easier way to do their day-to-day activities. The students can use this application to organize study sessions, lunch events, and attend professors’ office hours. Also, the application uses indoor localization to plot the user location while they are in UofT buildings and to find nearby resources. As the application has so many features, the team members were assigned multiple tasks. The entire group completed some of the tasks together and some were assigned to individual members. 
First task assigned to me was creating the client side of the messaging feature of the application. This feature allows the users to communicate with their friends at campus. As soon as our backend server was setup, I started working on the messaging feature. The first step was to decide the method to use to complete the feature. We had two options to go ahead with this: 1) Use HTTP requests for both from the device to the server and from the server to the device communication. 2) Use HTTP requests from device to the server and use Google Cloud Messaging for requests from the server to the destination device. We decided to use Google Cloud Messaging, as it would result in quick notifications for the users. On the client side, I needed to implement three main functions: register_gcm, GCMMessageHandler and SendGCMMessage and they were completed on time by 12/19/14 
Second task assigned to me was Log In on the client side. This is a very important feature as one of the constraints of our application is that user data has to be transmitted securely to the server. So it was essential to encrypt the password that user enters before sending it to the server for verification. There were two methods of encryption that the team considered: 1) Hashed string 2) RSA encryption. RSA encryption is used widely in the industry and it is known to be more secure than hashed string. Hence, we decided to go ahead with RSA encryption. This part was completed by its deadline on 1/9/15
Apart from these completed tasks, I have also been assigned the task to route the user from one resource to another. This task is in progress right now and it will be completed on time before 1/18/15. Another task assigned to me was integrating Facebook friend lists with this application. This task has been delayed because of other important tasks and has been pushed back to February. 
The team has completed a lot of important tasks. Despite the delayed tasks, the project is still on track for completion around the end of February. This leaves a few days for us to do our integration testing and prepare for the final demonstration of our Campus Planner Application

